It is a crime to ask the emperor to tell stories. Father,
The new moon is also new and soft, so I can’t see Luyang Wangbai’s legal person Suhei legal person,
This is a bold thing to do. Come,
But blocking the news of the resurrection of art,
Let's pass it on and investigate further,
No one can open a palace without stopping.
Did you know that if this time fails,
What does it mean?
He will be punished, so that he can be taken away from Prince Li's house and Yiqi dies.
My life, Prince Li’s Mansion,
When did you, a weak woman, hold you in your hands?
No facilities will be allowed in the future without my permission.
The world is interesting,
I am also telling me,
You are in no hurry.
Noisy matter
Wrong side grass
It's not something you, a district woman, can do anything about.
i know what you are thinking
What were you doing in Dadian just now?
Are you crazy?
Existing everywhere in the base
Let me save the clan policy
Going crazy
King Liu Yang’s military power belongs to me
This time there is a kindness to save Yuzhu.
This old man must be grateful
Even if you don’t intend to fight for anything
I will also be criticized by pushers who talk crazy and shallow words.
Die with the main gate of Zhujun
Our suspicions are also happy
Crazy is no longer embarrassing
Isn’t this a happy ending?
I also asked and still asked Zhang
Could it be that Zhang Chaoting is the home?
It’s true that I care about my life and death